add InitialVersion option (#299)
cosmos/iavl: CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

- Proofs are now encoded using Protobuf instead of Amino. The binary encoding is identical.

> - Introduced new methods `CreateMembershipProof` and `CreateNonMembershipProof` to return 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced new methods `GetMembershipProof` and `GetNonMembershipProof` on `ImmutableTree` to return 
```
